River Dart.md, before:

# River Dart Investigation

## Question

Does the velocity, width, depth and discharge decrease as the river moves downstream?

## Objectives of the study

Successfully measure the velocity, width, depth, and discharge of the River Dart in 3 different places, at Newbridge carpark, the River Dart country park, and at Dartmeet.

## Data collection methods

We use a velocity meter to measure the velocity of the river in the middle, by the left bank, and by the right bank. We would then find the average of these results to be more accurate. We will then measure the width of the river with a measuring tape. We can measure it in 5 different places with 1 metre intervals to get a more accurate result. We can then measure the depth using metre sticks along the bed of the river. We can then use the depth, width and velocity to calculate the river discharge. We would do this at each site, to find whether our hypothesis was correct.

## Location
I chose the River Dart because there are multiple locations where measuring can be done all close enough so that the whole study can be completed in half a day.

We will measure at the following sites:
1. Dartmeet
2. Newbridge Carpark
3. River Dart Country Park

We cannot access the river at any place where it is on private land. We can also not access it if it is behind a fence. Lastly, any place we want to measure it must not be too deep and fast to stand in. This means that our potential sites are limited to public places such as parks or places where it can be accessed by the road such as the River Dart Country Park and the Newbridge Carpark respectively. 

The sites are not very far apart however they are all a few miles from each other along the river which should be far enough to prove or disprove the hypothesis.

The distance from the River Dart Country Park to Newbridge Carpark is around 3.55 miles. The distance from Dartmeet to Newbridge carpark is 4.47 miles.

Here are some image of the sites and distances between them:

Image of the site at Dartmeet:
![Dartmeet Streetview](Images/dartmeet-streetview.png)

Image of the site at Newbrige Carpark:
![Newbridge Carpark Streetview](Images/newbridge-carpark-streetview.png)

Image of the site at the River Dart Country Park:
![River Dart Country Park Streetview](Images/river-dart-country-park-streetview.png)

Dartmeet to Newbridge Carpark:
![Dartmeet to Newbridge Carpark](Images/dartmeet-to-newbridge-car-park.png)

Newbridge Carpark to the River Dart Country Park:
![Newbridge carpark to River Dart Country Park](Images/newbridge-car-park-to-river-dart-country-park.png)

## Data

|           Site          | Width | Depth | Velocity |   Discharge  |
|:-----------------------:|:-----:|:-----:|:--------:|:------------:|
|         Dartmeet        |  12M  |  0.3  |  1.5M/S  |  5.4 cumecs  |
|    Newbridge Carpark    |  16M  |  0.4  |   2M/S   | 15.36 cumecs |
| River Dart Country Park |  20M  |  0.5M |   3M/S   |   30 cumecs  |


# Analysis of Data

Our data shows that the width, depth, velocity and discharge of the river increase as the river flows downstream. This is likely due to the reasons that all rivers increase in these factors as they flow downstream. The river bed is eroded by hydraulic action, abrasion, and other forms of erosion. This deepens the river. The river banks are also eroded due to the same erosion on the banks.

Commit message:

Added health and safety information and deleted the README

River Dart.md, after:

# River Dart Investigation

## Question

Does the velocity, width, depth and discharge decrease as the river moves downstream?

## Objectives of the study

Successfully measure the velocity, width, depth, and discharge of the River Dart in 3 different places, at Newbridge carpark, the River Dart country park, and at Dartmeet.

## Data collection methods

We use a velocity meter to measure the velocity of the river in the middle, by the left bank, and by the right bank. We would then find the average of these results to be more accurate. We will then measure the width of the river with a measuring tape. We can measure it in 5 different places with 1 metre intervals to get a more accurate result. We can then measure the depth using metre sticks along the bed of the river. We can then use the depth, width and velocity to calculate the river discharge. We would do this at each site, to find whether our hypothesis was correct.

# Health and Safety

To ensure that no accidents occur during the investigation, everyone will be required to wear boots, which will prevent people slipping. When using the velocity meter the person in charge of holding it will make sure the propellers do not cut anyone.

## Location

I chose the River Dart because there are multiple locations where measuring can be done all close enough so that the whole study can be completed in half a day.

We will measure at the following sites:
1. Dartmeet
2. Newbridge Carpark
3. River Dart Country Park

We cannot access the river at any place where it is on private land. We can also not access it if it is behind a fence. Lastly, any place we want to measure it must not be too deep and fast to stand in. This means that our potential sites are limited to public places such as parks or places where it can be accessed by the road such as the River Dart Country Park and the Newbridge Carpark respectively. 

The sites are not very far apart however they are all a few miles from each other along the river which should be far enough to prove or disprove the hypothesis.

The distance from the River Dart Country Park to Newbridge Carpark is around 3.55 miles. The distance from Dartmeet to Newbridge carpark is 4.47 miles.

Here are some image of the sites and distances between them:

Image of the site at Dartmeet:
![Dartmeet Streetview](Images/dartmeet-streetview.png)

Image of the site at Newbrige Carpark:
![Newbridge Carpark Streetview](Images/newbridge-carpark-streetview.png)

Image of the site at the River Dart Country Park:
![River Dart Country Park Streetview](Images/river-dart-country-park-streetview.png)

Dartmeet to Newbridge Carpark:
![Dartmeet to Newbridge Carpark](Images/dartmeet-to-newbridge-car-park.png)

Newbridge Carpark to the River Dart Country Park:
![Newbridge carpark to River Dart Country Park](Images/newbridge-car-park-to-river-dart-country-park.png)

We will move between the sites by car or bus. This way the travel can be quick and safe.

## Data

|           Site          | Width | Depth | Velocity |   Discharge  |
|:-----------------------:|:-----:|:-----:|:--------:|:------------:|
|         Dartmeet        |  12M  |  0.3  |  1.5M/S  |  5.4 cumecs  |
|    Newbridge Carpark    |  16M  |  0.4  |   2M/S   | 15.36 cumecs |
| River Dart Country Park |  20M  |  0.5M |   3M/S   |   30 cumecs  |


# Analysis of Data

Our data shows that the width, depth, velocity and discharge of the river increase as the river flows downstream. This is likely due to the reasons that all rivers increase in these factors as they flow downstream. The river bed is eroded by hydraulic action, abrasion, and other forms of erosion. This deepens the river. The river banks are also eroded due to the same erosion on the banks.
